so we're here at pearl snaps vintage on
South Congress right next to Joe's
amazing place great boots Footwear I
mean this place is so representative of
what we're talking about today every day
photography with your iPhone and as you
look around it's you know you munch of
boots and shirts and vintage clothing in
Footwear and you think yeah you know
interesting show this is what everyday
photography with your mobile device is
all about capturing everyday everywhere
anytime anyplace
there's like and I love you so much sign
over here
at one of the classic Austin landmarks
it's it's the the building facade of
Joe's coffee house I see this girl over
here dressed that's super cool
great hair great glasses to be perfect
candidate so I'm gonna me anger over
wait till she's finished shopping how
special kind of pose in front of this
shop everyday photography at its finest
kind of see this is the girl that I'm
going after with a green polkadot skirt
so that's what attracted me I saw the
skirt I see the green wall kind of mesh
them together I'm gonna make a
photograph I love this outfit so I
thought like right in front of this
thing yeah I'd be freaking awesome yeah
thank you so much so I'm gonna get your
whole body because I love your outfit
all that is so cute of you too
oh my goodness hold on we're here on
South Congress continuing on with our
theme of shooting everyday photography
with our iPhones that's photography here
there and literally everywhere everyday
photography has really always been one
of my favorite genres it's the ability
to just kind of meander and move through
the rhythms or the rituals or the
routines of life you just shoot the
stuff that's around you look at the
light look at the lines on this shot
they are phenomenal you know unlike a
lot of people people say that sometimes
if the photographic experience
interrupts the experience of living I
say the heck with that it does just the
opposite shooting pictures connects me
to life in a way that I wouldn't be
connected
if I weren't shooting my photography
with my iPhone just interesting things
as you go through life so that you can
capture them and remember them and even
memorialize them in your own life
experience for all time they're not the
greatest things in the world and you
know AI look at some of the stuff that
I'm shooting signage and and random
color and whatever on the street those
are relative and important to me and
they are part of my life experience I
don't think there's a day that goes by
that I'm not shooting 50 plus shots with
my iPhone other than all great shots and
my shoot to share ratio is pretty high
in other words for every 100 that I'm
shooting I'm only sharing one or two
special shots so again everyday
photography Thank You Apple you know for
coming up with this device is fantastic
and it's allowing me to experience life
like I see it through my eyes a lot of
times when I'm I'm shooting particularly
when it's everyday photography and I'm
in split lighting where there's lots of
pools of light and lots of shadows
iPhone doesn't do well I can't shoot
both of that I got to pick my poison I
either gotta make sure that I get the
highlights or the shadows so a lot of
times you're seeing me meter so to speak
off camera so I'm locking my exposure on
the sidewalk and then I am coming back
and it's still too bright oh my goodness
so now I'm gonna go to the sky lock my
exposure on the sky
and then come back to that shot yep
because otherwise that little pool of
lights up right there on the white would
be blown out and I'm even gonna knock it
down a little further and that's
controlling exposure in your everyday
photography it's super easy and once you
figure out how to see it and learn to
appreciate it it will change the way you
shoot your everyday photography the
first time in history we are privileged
to see the visual thought process of
photographers I mean most photographers
have books and gallery shows and
exhibitions and really when you think
about it we only see a little bit of
their work over a lifetime with mobile
the mobile phone in our hands we have
the experience to to experience of their
visual thought process as they move
through life what's important to them
what they look at what they see what
they capture what colors are attracted
to weather this sensitive to shadow or
you or contrast or brightness or any of
that stuff that is exciting as a
photographer man I love that thank you
every day photography